
Even bad coffee is better than no coffee at all.     -- David Lynch
I never laugh until I've had my coffee     -- Clark Gable
It is inhumane, in my opinion, to force people who genuinely have a medical need for coffee to wait in line behind people who apparently view it as some kind of recreational activity.     -- Dave Barry
Coffee: the favorite drink of the civilized world.     -- Thomas Jefferson
The powers of a man's mind are directly proportioned to the quantity of coffee he drinks.     -- James Mackintosh
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?     -- Albert Camus
The morning cup of coffee has an exhilaration about it which the cheering influence of the afternoon or evening cup of tea cannot be expected to reproduce.     -- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
No one can understand the truth until he drinks of coffee's frothy goodness.     -- Sheik Abd-al-Kadir
A morning without coffee is like sleep.     -- Unknown Author
I believe humans get a lot done, not because we're smart, but because we have thumbs so we can make coffee.      -- Flash Rosenberg
Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep.     -- Fran Drescher
Coffee is the best thing to douse the sunrise with.     -- Terri Guillemets
Decaffeinated coffee is the devil's blend.     -- Unknown Author
There's nothing sweeter than a cup of bitter coffee.     -- Rian Aditia
As long as there was coffee in the world, how bad could things be?     -- Cassandra Clare
I'd rather take coffee than compliments just now.     -- Louis May Alcott
Way too much coffee. But if it weren't for the coffee, I'd have no identifiable personality whatsoever.     -- David Letterman
Come on, don't you ever stop and smell the coffee?     -- Justina Chen
Coffee first. Schemes later.     -- Leanna Renee Hieber
We want to do a lot of stuff; we're not in great shape. We didn't get a good night's sleep. We're a little depressed. Coffee solves all these problems in one delightful little cup.     -- Jerry Seinfeld
Coffee, according to the women of Denmark, is to the body what the Word of the Lord is to the soul.     -- Isak Dinesen
I like coffee because it gives me the illusion that I might be awake.     -- Lewis Black
To me, the smell of fresh-made coffee is one of the greatest inventions.     -- Hugh Jackman
A cup of coffee - real coffee - home-browned, home ground, home made, that comes to you dark as a hazel-eye, but changes to a golden bronze as you temper it with cream that never cheated, but was real cream from its birth, thick, tenderly yellow, perfectly sweet, neither lumpy nor frothing on the Java: such a cup of coffee is a match for twenty blue devils and will exorcise them all.     -- Henry Ward Beecher
As soon as coffee is in your stomach, there is a general commotion. Ideas begin to move...similes arise, the paper is covered. Coffee is your ally and writing ceases to be a struggle.     -- Honore de Balzac
After all, coffee is bitter, a flavor from the forbidden and dangerous realm.     -- Diane Ackerman
Among the numerous luxuries of the table...coffee may be considered as one of the most valuable. It excites cheerfulness without intoxication; and the pleasing flow of spirits which it occasions...is never followed by sadness, languor or debility.     -- Benjamin Franklin
Coffee and love are best when they are hot.     -- German Proverb
A cup of gourmet coffee shared with a friend is happiness tasted and time well spent.     -- Unknown Author
Coffee was only a way of stealing time that should by rights belong to your slightly older self.     -- Terry Pratchett
He who is contented is rich.     -- Lao Tzu
Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.     -- Lao Tzu
At some point, you gotta let go, and sit still, and allow contentment to come to you.     -- Elizabeth Gilbert
To know when you have enough is to be rich beyond measure.     -- Lao Tzu
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.     -- Epicurus
Contentment consist not in adding more fuel, but in taking away some fire.     -- Thomas Fuller
Discontentment makes rich people poor while contentment makes poor people rich.     -- Unknown
Contentment gives a crown, where fortune hath denied it.     -- John Ford
Contentment has the ability to squeeze out of every situation all the good there is to get.     -- Shantidasa
When we cannot find contentment in ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.     -- Francois La Rochefoucauld
Contentment, and indeed usefulness, comes as the infallible result of great acceptances, great humilities of not trying to make ourselves this or that, but of surrendering ourselves to the fullness of life of letting life flow through us.     -- David Grayson
The key to contentment is to consider. Consider who you are and be satisfied with that. Consider what you have and be satisfied with that. Consider what God's doing and be satisfied with that. You will be amazed at how much more comfortable you'll feel with yourself. Finally, consider this: If contentment cannot be found within yourself, you'll never find it.     -- Luci Swindoll
The secret of contentment is the realization that life is a gift, not a right.     -- Unknown
Neither circumstances nor surroundings can bring contentment. Only by fitting ourselves to meet conditions as they are, calmly and courageously, may we hope to reconcile ourselves to our position and conditions of life.     -- Fred Van Amburgh
A harvest of peace grows from seeds of contentment.     -- Indian Proverbs
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.     -- Lao Tzu
Man falls from the pursuit of the ideal of plan living and high thinking the moment he wants to multiply his daily wants. Man's happiness really lies in contentment.     -- Mohandas Gandhi
Contentment is the greatest form of wealth.     -- Acharya N_G_Rjuna
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.     -- Swami Sivananda
He is rich who is content with the least; for contentment is the wealth of nature.     -- Socrates
Contentment is a pearl of great price, and whoever procures it at the expense of ten thousand desires makes a wise and a happy purchase.     -- John Balguy
Contentment is a kind of moral laziness; if there wasn't anything but contentment in his world, man wouldn't be any more of a success than an angleworm is.     -- Josh Billings
Contentment ... has an internal quietness of heart that gladly submits to God in all circumstances.     -- Joni Eareckson Tada
A good life with contentment is itself a great wealth. For we brought nothing with us into this world, and we can take nothing out of it. So if we have enough of what we need, let us be content with that.     -- Saint Timothy
Contentment is for cows; a challenging purpose is for people.     -- Denis Waitley
Contentment is just the realization that God has already provided for me today all that I need for my present peace and happiness.     -- Nancy Leigh Demoss
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress.     -- Epictetus
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for things beyond your reach.     -- Lin Yutang
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.     -- Socrates
The wise man contents himself with what he has, until such time as he invents something better.     -- Jose Saramago
Contentment is accepting what God has given us, and, by His strength, making the most of it.     -- C. J. Jackson
Contentment is never the outcome of fulfillment, of achievement, or of the possession of things; it is not born of action or inaction. It comes with the fullness of what is, not in the alteration of it.     -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
Contentment is not about getting what you want. Contentment is about wanting what you've got.     -- Ken Clark
Content hangs not so high but that a man on the ground may reach it.     -- Eliza Cook
My motto is: Contented with little, yet wishing for more.     -- Charles Lamb
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.     -- Joseph Addison
The contented man can be happy with what appears to be useless.     -- Hung Ko
It is right to be contented with what we have, but never with what we are.     -- James Mackintosh
It is not our circumstances that create our discontent or contentment. It is us.     -- Vivian Greene
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.     -- Aesop
A man who is contented with what he has done will never become famous for what he will do.     -- Fred Estabrook
If you are content, you have enough to live comfortably.     -- Plautus
True contentment is a real, even an active virtue - not only affirmative but creative. It is the power of getting out of any situation all there is in it.     -- G. K. Chesterton
To be content with little is hard; to be content with much, impossible.     -- Marie Von Ebner-Eschenbach
Contentment has been worn as a crown by no end of sleepy heads.     -- Henry S. Haskins
Contentment: The smother of invention.     -- Ethel Watts Mumford
A contented mind is the best source for trouble.     -- Plautus
Progress is not created by contented people.     -- Frank Tyger
Ultimately, contentment is more a shift in attitude than a change in circumstances.     -- Linda Dillow
To feel that one has a place in life solves half the problems of contentment.     -- George Woodberry
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton asked why.     -- Bernard Baruch
Curiosity is a willing, a proud, and eager confession of ignorance.     -- S.Leonard Rubinstein
The whole art of teaching is the only art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards; and curiosity itself can be vivid and wholesome only in proportion as the mind is contented and happy     -- Anatole France
Curiosity in children, is but an appetite for knowledge. The great reason why children abandon themselves wholly to silly pursuits and trifle away their time insipidly is, because they find their curiosity balked, and their inquiries neglected.     -- John Locke
Curiosity is the very basis of education and if you tell me that curiosity killed the cat, I say only the cat died nobly.     -- Arnold Edinborough
There are no foolish questions, and no man becomes a fool until he has stopped asking questions.     -- Charles Proteus Steinmetz
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.     -- Dorothy Parker
Curiosity is as much the parent of attention, as attention is of memory.     -- Richard Whately
A sense of curiosity is nature's original school of education.     -- Smiley Blanton
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.     -- Marie Curie
God spare me sclerosis of the curiosity, for the curiosity which craves to keep us informed about the small things no less than the large is the mainspring, the dynamo, the jet propulsion of all complete living.     -- John Mason Brown
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvellous structure of reality.     -- Edmund Burke
Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.     -- Leo Burnett
Creatures whose mainspring is curiosity enjoy the accumulating of facts far more than the pausing at times to reflect on those facts.     -- Clarence Day
I have no particular talent. I am merely inquisitive.     -- Albert Einstein
The first and simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind, is curiosity.     -- Edmund Burke
Curiosity is the lust of the mind.     -- Thomas Hobbes
It is a shameful thing to be weary of inquiry when what we search for is excellent.     -- Cicero
Curiosity is one of the forms of feminine bravery.     -- Victor Hugo
You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives     -- Unknown
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.     -- Chinese Proverb
All the world is a laboratory to the inquiring mind.     -- Martin H. Fischer
Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will.     -- Vernon Howard
Curiosity is only vanity. Most frequently we wish not to know, but to talk. We would not take a sea voyage for the sole pleasure of seeing without hope of ever telling.     -- Blaise Pascal
Get over the idea that only children should spend their time in study. Be a student so long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life.     -- Henry L. Doherty
As children we all possess a natural uninhabited curiosity, a hunger for explanations, which seems to die slowly as we age--suppressed, I suppose by the need not to appear ignorant.     -- Mahlon Hoagland
Childhood and genius have the same master-organ in common--inquisitiveness.     -- Edwin Bulwar-Lytton
Curiosity ... endows the people who have it with a generosity in argument and a serenity in cheerful willingness to let life take the form it will.     -- Alistar Cooke
Curiosity is one of those insatiable passions that grow by gratification.     -- Sarah Scott
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.     -- William Arthur Ward
When curiosity is alive, we are attracted to many things; we discover many worlds.     -- Eric Booth
Curiosity might be pictured as being made up of chains of small questions extending outwards, sometimes over huge distances, from a central hub composed of a few blunt, large questions.     -- Alain De Botton
Let your curiosity be greater than your fear.     -- Pema Chodron
I have always had a curious nature; I enjoy learning, but I dislike being taught.     -- Winston Churchill
The open mode is a mood in which curiosity for its own sake can operate, because we're not under pressure to get a specific thing done properly. We can play.     -- John Cleese
Curiosity is lying in wait for every secret.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A person who is too nice an observer of the business of the crowd, like one who is too curious in observing the labor of bees, will often be stung for his curiosity.     -- Alexander Pope
The alchemists in their search for gold discovered many other things of greater value.     -- Arthur Schopenhauer
Where the apple reddens never pry -- lest we lose our Edens, Eve and I.     -- Robert Browning
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.     -- Albert Einstein
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.     -- Voltaire
Curiosity is one of the most permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.     -- Samuel Johnson
Mere curiosity adds wings to every step.     -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.     -- James Stephens
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift would be curiosity.     -- Eleanor Roosevelt
There are two possible outcomes: If the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a measurement. If the result is contrary to the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery.     -- Enrico Fermi
They know enough who know how to learn.     -- Henry Adams
Between every two pines is a doorway to a new world.     -- John Muir
Questions show the mind's range, and answers its subtlety.     -- Joseph Joubert
Be very wary of any attempt, by anybody or anything, to limit the ultimate human right and duty to question and verify the truth.     -- Unknown
Bragging is not an attractive trait, but let's be honest. A man who catches a big fish doesn't go home through an alley.     -- Ann Landers
The feller that brags about how cheap he heats his home always sees the first robin.     -- Kin Hubbard
He who is humble is confident and wise. He who brags is insecure and lacking.     -- Lisa Edmondson
If you done it, it ain't bragging.     -- Walt Whitman
Tell me what you brag about and I'll tell you what you lack.     -- Spanish Proverb
He who truly knows has no occasion to shout.     -- Leonardo da Vinci
It's not bragging if you can back it up.     -- Muhammad Ali
A braggart is recognized by his headgear.     -- Namibian Proverb
You have to do a little bragging on yourself even to your relatives-man doesn't get anywhere without advertising.     -- John Nance Garner
The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it.     -- Criss Jami
Who knows himself a braggart, let him fear this, for it will come to pass that every braggart shall be found an ass.     -- William Shakespeare
You have to give yourself credit, not too much because that would be bragging.     -- Frank McCourt
If I cannot brag of knowing something, then I brag of not knowing it; at any rate, brag.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself.     -- Henry David Thoreau
The dog who barks the loudest is not always the best watcher, neither are braggadocios the most valiant.     -- WILLIAM SCOTT DOWNEY
The only way to cure an egotist from bragging is by surgery--amputation at the neck.     -- EVAN ESAR
Perhaps the less we have, the more we are required to brag.     -- JOHN STEINBECK
Mankind in general seem to take about as much pride in bragging of their faults as of their virtues.     -- H. W. SHAW
Bragging is an ailment, Bragging is a blight; Bragging is an attribute Of a silly wight.     -- RALPH M. THOMSON
Don't brag. It is not the whistle that moves the train.     -- D. V. Rangarajan
With a braggart, it's no sooner done than said.     -- Evan Esar
Now I'm not too keen about bragging on myself but you must admit I was the best.     -- Kim S. Jones
It ain't bragging if you can do it.     -- Dizzy Dean
Blow your own horn loud. If you succeed, people will forgive your noise; if you fail, they'll forget it.     -- William Feather
Great boast, small roast.     -- Chinese Proverb
There is also this benefit in brag, that the speaker is unconsciously expressing his own ideal. Humor him by all means, draw it all out, and hold him to it.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
People never have confidence in a Big Talker. They know his statements must be cut down, but they can never tell how much.     -- Edgar Watson Howe
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she had laid an asteroid.     -- Mark Twain
It's as difficult to be rich without bragging as it is to be poor without complaining.     -- Chinese Proverbs
Every man who praises himself brushes the luster from his best efforts.     -- Ellen Gould White
Bragging saves advertising.     -- American Proverbs
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.     -- Judith Martin
Do you wish men to speak well of you? Then never speak well of yourself.     -- Blaise Pascal
Be wiser than other people, if you can, but do not tell them so.     -- Lord Chesterfield
It isn't what a man knows, but what he thinks he knows that he brags about.     -- George Horace Lorimer
For God hates utterly the bray of bragging tongues.     -- SOPHOCLES
Mere flimflam stories, and nothing but shams and lies.     -- Miguel De Cervantes
Do not boast about tomorrow, for you do not know what a day may bring forth.     -- Bible, Proverbs 27:1
Bragging: The patter of tiny feats.     -- Anonymous
A loaded wagon makes no noise.     -- Proverb
Empty vessels make most noise.     -- Proverb
The person who has nothing to brag about but their ancestors is like a potato; the best part of them is underground.     -- Sir Thomas Overbury
There's no such thing as bragging. You're either lying or telling the truth.     -- Al Oliver
Boasts are wind and deeds are hard.     -- Isaac Asimov
A person is bound to lose when he talks about himself; if he belittles himself, he is believed; if he praises himself, he isn't believed.     -- Michel de Montaigne
Its not bragging if its true.     -- Sara Shepard
You have to give yourself credit, not too much because that would be bragging.     -- Frank McCourt
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.     -- Ernest Hemingway
The really tough thing about humility is you can't brag about it.     -- Gene Brown
What kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself.     -- Abraham Lincoln
A beautiful thing is never perfect.      -- Egyptian (on beauty)
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.      -- Greek Proverb
Beauty is only skin deep.      -- Sir Thomas Overbury (1581-1613)
Butterflies come to pretty flowers.      -- Korean (on beauty)
Do not dissect a rainbow. In other words, do not destroy a beautiful phenomenon by overanalyzing it.      -- Denise LaFrance, artist, 1964 - now.
Don't gild the lily.      -- unknown
Everything is lovely when the geese honk high.      -- unknown
If you foolishly ignore beauty, then you will soon find yourself without it.      -- Frank Lloyd Wright (1869-1959)
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away      -- unknown
Music has charms to soothe a savage beast.      -- William Congreve (1670-1729)
Pleasing ware is half sold.      -- George Herbert (1593-1633)
Poetry moves heaven and earth.      -- Japanese (on art and creativity)
Pretty is as pretty does.      -- unknown
See life through an artist's eye.      -- unknown
Stop and smell the roses.      -- unknown
The eyes are the windows of the soul.      -- Thomas Phaer (c.1510-1560)
The fall of a leaf is a whisper to the living.     -- Danish (on life and living)
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.      -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The world is the traveler's inn.     -- Afghan (on journeys)
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.     -- Confucius
Real beauty is to be true to oneself.      -- Laetitia Casta
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.     -- John Ray
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.     -- Francis Bacon
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.     -- Helen Keller
But he who dares not grasp the thorn should never crave the rose.     -- Anne Bront
There is no exquisite beauty without some strangeness in the proportion.     -- Edgar Allan Poe
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: Its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.      -- John Keats
The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.     -- Hazrat Inayat Khan
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.     -- Kahlil Gibran
That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.     -- Ninon de L'Enclos
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.     -- Steve Maraboli
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.     -- Edgar Allan Poe
The beautiful is always bizarre.     -- Charles Baudelaire
There's nothing more inspiring than the complexity and beauty of the human heart.     -- Cynthia Hand
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.     -- Albert Camus
There is nothing that makes its way more directly to the soul than beauty.     -- Joseph Addison
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.     -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.     -- John Kenneth Galbraith
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.     -- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.     -- David Hume
Beauty is the shadow of God on the universe.     -- Gabriela Mistral,Desolacon
Judge nothing by the appearance. The more beautiful the serpent, the more fatal its sting.     -- William Scott Downey
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.     -- Franz Kafka
There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.     -- Gilbert Keith Chesterton
Glamour is a shooting star, it catches your eye, but fades away, beauty is the sun always brilliant day after day.     -- Mike Dolan
There is nothing more beautiful than someone who goes out of their way to make life beautiful for others.     -- Mandy Hale
People are more than just the way they look.     -- Madeleine L'Engle
Beauty awakens the soul to act.     -- Dante Alighieri
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.     -- Leonardo Da Vinci
In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity.     -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Simplicity is the glory of expression.     -- Walt Whitman
The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity.     -- Douglas Horton
Simplicity is not the goal. It is the by-product of a good idea and modest expectations.     -- Paul Rand
Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art.     -- Frederic Chopin
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.     -- Albert Einstein
Live simply, so that others may simply live.     -- Mother Teresa
Our life is frittered away by detail simplify, simplify, simplify!     -- Henry David Thoreau
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.     -- Coco Chanel
Simplicity embarks not on what is seen by the naked eye, but dwelling on what is in the heart.     -- Author Unknown
The most complicated skill is to be simple.     -- Dejan Stojanovic
Simplicity is an exact medium between too little and too much.     -- Sir Joshua Reynolds
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.     -- Hans Hofman
Simplicity is making the journey of this life with just baggage enough.     -- Charles Warner
The trouble with simple living is that, though it can be joyful, rich, and creative, it isn't simple.     -- Doris Janzen Longacre
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.     -- Steve Maraboli
Simplicity is indeed often the sign of truth and a criterion of beauty.     -- Mahlon Hoagland
Simplicity is the shortest path to a solution.     -- Ward Cunningham
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.     -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Simplicity the art of maximizing the amount of work not done is essential.     -- Principles Behind The Agile Manifesto
Simplicity is a state of mind.     -- Charles Wagner
A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think.     -- Eleanor Roosevelt
A taste for simplicity cannot last for long.     -- Eugene Delacroix
As beautiful as simplicity is, it can become a tradition that stands in the way of exploration.     -- Laura Nyro
I despise simplicity. It is the negation of all that is beautiful.     -- Norman Hartnell
I don't need a lot of money. Simplicity is the answer for me.     -- Linda Mccartney
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.     -- Aristotle
Seek simplicity but distrust it.     -- Alfred North Whitehead
Simplicity does not mean want or poverty. It does not mean the absence of any decor, or absolute nudity. It only means that the decor should belong intimately to the design proper, and that anything foreign to it should be taken away.     -- Paul Jacques Grillo
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.     -- Alan Perlis
Simplicity involves unburdening your life, and living more lightly with fewer distractions that interfere with a high quality life, as defined uniquely by each individual. You will find people living simply in large cities, rural areas and everything in between.     -- Linda Breen Pierce
Simplicity is not an objective in art, but one achieves simplicity despite one's self by entering into the real sense of things.     -- Constantin Brancusi
Simplicity is the key to brilliance.     -- Bruce Lee
Simplicity is the nature of great souls.     -- Papa Ramadas
One can furnish a room very luxuriously by taking out furniture rather than putting it in.     -- Francis Jourdain
Never use a long word when a short one will do.     -- Louisa May Alcott
I relish simplicity as an all-comprehensive value.     -- Ela Bhatt
Simplicity is the seal of truth.     -- Proverb
Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art.     -- Philip James Bailey
There is a simplicity that exists on the far side of complexity, and there is a communication of sentiment and attitude not to be discovered by careful exegesis of a text.     -- Patrick J. Buchanan
Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.     -- Lao Tzu
Simplicity is a jewel rarely found.     -- Ovid
Simplicity of all things is the hardest to be copy.     -- Richard Steele
There is one show of breeding vulgarity seldom assumes, simplicity.     -- George Macdonald
Simplicity is a captivating grace in woman, as rare as it is attractive.     -- J. De Finod
Simplicity is that grace which frees the soul from all unnecessary reflections upon itself.     -- Francois Fenelon
Genuine simplicity of heart is a healing and cementing principle.     -- Edmund Burke
In reality, serendipity accounts for one percent of the blessings we receive in life, work and love. The other 99 percent is due to our efforts.     -- Peter Mcwilliams
Serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and discovering a farmer's daughter.     -- Julius Comroe Jr.
Serendipity is the faculty of finding things we did not know we were looking for.     -- Glauco Ortolano
Serendipity. Look for something, find something else, and realize that what you've found is more suited to your needs than what you thought you were looking for.     -- Lawrence Block
Sometimes serendipity is just intention unmasked.     -- Elizabeth Berg
Serendipity is the way to make discoveries, by accident but also by sagacity, of things one is not in quest of. Based on experience, knowledge, it is the creative exploitation of the unforeseen.     -- Adrian Bejan
Serendipity is when you find things you weren't looking for because finding what you are looking for is so damned difficult.     -- Erin Mckean
Serendipity is putting a quarter in the gumball machine and having three pieces come rattling out instead of one all red.     -- Tobi Tobias
One aspect of serendipity to bear in mind is that you have to be looking for something in order to find something else.     -- Lawrence Block
Serendipity... You will understand it better by the derivation than by the definition. I once read a silly fairy tale, called 'The Three Princes of Serendip': as their Highnesses traveled, they were always making discoveries, by accidents and sagacity, of things which they were not in quest of.     -- Horace Walpole
...maximize the serendipity around you.     -- Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Serendipity always rewards the prepared.     -- Katori Hall
What people call serendipity sometimes is just having your eyes open.     -- Jose Manuel Barroso
The history of discovery is full of creative serendipity.     -- Tom Kelley
Fact is, inventing an innovative business model is often mostly a matter of serendipity.     -- Gary Hamel
Serendipity is the art of making an unsought finding.     -- Pek Van Andel
You don't reach Serendib by plotting a course for it. You have to set out in good faith for elsewhere and lose your bearings serendipitously.     -- John Barth
Synergy and serendipity often play a big part in medical and scientific advances.     -- Julie Bishop
I think a lot more decisions are made on serendipity than people think. Things come across their radar screens and they jump at them.     -- Jay W. Lorsch
There'll always be serendipity involved in discovery.     -- Jeff Bezos
I always leave room for serendipity and chance.     -- Ken Stott
Serendipity favors the believing.     -- Krystl Campos
There's always going to be the circumstances you can't plan for. There's always the unexpected relevance and the serendipity.     -- Jason Silva
Some of the greatest things, as I understand, they have come about by serendipity, the greatest discoveries.     -- Alan Alda
Serendipity is nice, but hoping for luck and the magic of happenstance shouldn't be an excuse for a lack of proactivity. I had to learn for myself that waiting isn't a life plan.     -- Karen Finerman
I am a firm believer in serendipity- all the random pieces coming together in one wonderful moment, when suddenly you see what their purpose was all along.     -- David Levithan
There is a fine line between serendipity and stalking.     -- David Coleman
Serendipity is the gift of finding things we didn't know we were already unconsciously looking for.     -- Glauco Ortolano
Serendipity is the gift of finding agreeable or valuable things not sought for.     -- Unknown
Most of us have one big idea at some point in our lives. That Eureka! moment. It comes to us all in different ways, often by chance of serendipity.     -- Peter James
When love feels like magic, it's called destiny. When destiny has a sense of humor, it's called Serendipity.     -- Serendipity
Thinking there had to be a better way was a brilliant stroke of serendipity!     -- Lorii Myers
Serendipity(noun) finding something good without looking for it.     -- Unknown
Let it find you. Serendipity. The effect by which one accidentally stumbles upon something truly wonderful, especially while looking for something entirely unrelated.     -- Unknown
Screw serendipity. You can make your life happen.     -- Anne-Sophie Dumetz
Plan to the extent that feels right to you at a particular time in your life, but always be open to serendipity.     -- Steve Leveen
Serendipity ... you can choose who to protect and who to share life with, but you cannot choose who to love, for love isn't a choice, but destiny.     -- Unknown
I find that a great part of the information I have was acquired by looking up something and finding something else on the way.     -- Franklin Pierce Adams
Risk-taking, trust, and serendipity are key ingredients of joy. Without risk, nothing new ever happens. Without trust, fear creeps in. Without serendipity, there are no surprises.     -- Rita Golden Gelman
Life is full of surprises and and serendipity. Being open to unexpected turns in the road is an important part of success. If you try to plan every step, you may miss those wonderful twists and turns. Just find your next adventure-do it well, enjoy it-and then, not now, think about what comes next.     -- Condoleeza Rice
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.     -- Grant Wood
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka!', but That's funny      -- Isaac Asimov
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared mind.     -- Louis Pasteur
Serendipity - the happy surprise of finding something good or useful while not specifically searching for it.     -- Unknown
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.     -- George Bernard Shaw
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today.     -- Les Brown
I see possibilities in everything. For everything that's taken away, something of greater value has been given.     -- Michael J. Fox
I'm open for possibilities. I'm open for choices. I always welcome new ideas. I'm always eager to learn. I'm never going to close my mind from learning.     -- Cesar Millan
Try to keep your mind open to possibilities and your mouth closed on matters that you don't know about. Limit your 'always' and your 'nevers.'     -- Amy Poehler
It isn't necessary to imagine the world ending in fire or ice. There are two other possibilities: one is paperwork, and the other is nostalgia.     -- Frank Zappa
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights.     -- Peace Pilgrim
We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.     -- Dale Carnegie
We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize.     -- Thich Nhat Hanh
Take your mind off the problems for a moment, and focus on the positive possibilities. Consider how very much you are able to do.     -- Ralph Marston
There are many spokes on the wheel of life. First, we're here to explore new possibilities.     -- Ray Charles
The vast possibilities of our great future will become realities only if we make ourselves responsible for that future.     -- Gifford Pinchot
No matter how good you get, there's always something further out there.     -- Bill Walton
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, in the expert's mind there are few.     -- Shunryu Suzuki
We must dare to think 'unthinkable' thoughts. We must learn to explore all the options and possibilities that confront us in a complex and rapidly changing world.     -- J. William Fulbright
I am where I am because I believe in all possibilities.     -- Whoopi Goldberg
Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities.     -- Terry Josephson
No matter what the level of your ability, you have more potential than you can ever develop in a lifetime.     -- James T. Mccay
Balancing hopes, desires and an appreciating of the possibilities with a clear-eyed assessment of the limitations: that is the art of choosing.     -- Sheena Iyengar
Hope is the magic carpet that transports us from the present moment into the realm of infinite possibilities.     -- H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.     -- Les Brown
The possibilities are infinite with new writing; every time you open a new script, there's no limit to what it might contain.     -- Tom Stoppard
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.     -- Arthur C. Clarke
An intense anticipation itself transforms possibility into reality; our desires being often but precursors of the things which we are capable of performing.     -- Samuel Smiles
I feel like there's a world of possibilities out there.     -- Liza Minnelli
I am never wrong when it comes to my possibilities.     -- Placido Domingo
I'm somebody who explores extraordinary possibilities, not ordinary ones.     -- Graham Hancock
To believe only possibilities is not faith, but mere philosophy.     -- Thomas Browne
I don't think of myself predicting things. I'm expressing possibilities. Things that could happen. To a large extent it's a question of how badly people want them to.     -- Freeman Dyson
I want to show people what the possibilities are if you take care of yourself and do the right thing.     -- Ben Vereen
You can do anything, literally, right? That's one of the exciting possibilities of the present.     -- Charles Olson
We can change who we are. We can improve ourselves in various ways, and we can give ourselves possibilities.     -- James Heckman
Don't wait for someone to call you up. You can do anything. You have all the possibilities in the world.     -- Luka Sulic
I don't think about what I can't do or what I shouldn't be doing. I just think there are endless possibilities musically, really.     -- Paul Weller
The thing is, if you believe in the unconscious - and I do - there's room for all kinds of possibilities that I don't know how you prove one way or another.     -- Jasper Johns
It seems everything is so full of possibilities one can hardly take it all in.     -- Kenneth Koch
It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.     -- Nicholas Sparks
A dream is the bearer of a new possibility, the enlarged horizon, the great hope.     -- Howard Thurman
Everyday holds the possibility of a miracle.     -- Elizabeth David
If we cannot see the possibility of greatness, how can we dream it?     -- Lee Strasberg
I'm always open to the possibility that somebody's got a better idea than I have. It happens with some frequency.     -- William Shatner
There is no such thing as no chance.     -- Henry Ford
Hope is like compassion to me. It's like possibility and living in possibility.     -- Morley
Never lose hope, there are always possibilities if you just look for them.     -- Catherine Pulsifer
You have powers you never dreamed of. You can do things you never thought you could do. there are no limitations in what you can do except the limitations of your own mind.     -- Darwin P. Kingsley
Our aspirations are our possibilities.     -- Samuel Johnson
No matter how dark things seem to be or actually are, raise your sights and see possibilities-always see them for they're always there.     -- Norman Vincent Peale
Believe in the power of possibilities. Believe you can accomplish anything you put your mind to.     -- Shadonna Richards
Go as far as you can see. When you get there, you'll be able to see farther.     -- Zig Ziglar
I'm in my prime. There's no goal too far, no mountain too high.     -- Wilma Rudolph
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.     -- Albert Einstein
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.     -- Martin Luther King Jr.
Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.     -- Pope John Paul II
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.      -- Bertrand Russell
The two most common elements in the universe are Hydrogen and stupidity.      -- Harlan Ellison
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.      -- Friedrich von Schiller
Insanity is just what we call stupidity when it doesn't make sense.      -- Josh Lieb
Strange as it seems, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and higher education positively fortifies it.      -- Stephen Vizinczey
One should commit no stupidity twice, the variety of choice is, in the end, large enough.      -- Jean-Paul Sartre
Ignorance can be educated. Crazy can be medicated. But there is no cure for stupid.      -- Anonymous
Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize half of them are stupider than that.      -- George Carlin
It is only the wisest and the stupidest that cannot change.      -- Confucius
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.      -- Percy Bysshe Shelley
When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.      -- George Bernard Shaw
Obstinacy and vehemency in opinion are the surest proofs of stupidity.      -- Bernard Barton
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity.      -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Man has made use of his intelligence; he invented stupidity.     -- Remy de Gourmont
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot, but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.     -- Groucho Marx
To be stupid and selfish and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.      -- Gustave Flaubert
Stupidity isn't punishable by death. If it was, there would be a hell of a population drop.      -- Laurell K. Hamilton
Stupidity is the same as evil if you judge by the results.      -- Margaret Atwood
The more stupid one is, the closer one is to reality. The more stupid one is, the clearer one is. Stupidity is brief and artless, while intelligence squirms and hides itself. Intelligence is unprincipled, but stupidity is honest and straightforward.      -- Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Stupidity combined with arrogance and a huge ego will get you a long way.     -- Chris Lowe
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.     -- Arthur Schopenhauer
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.     -- Napoleon Bonaparte
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.      -- Soren Kierkegaard
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.      -- George Carlin
Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing, it is always from the noblest motives.      -- Oscar Wilde
Stupidity is much the same all the world over. A stupid person's notions and feelings may confidently be inferred from those which prevail in the circle by which the person is surrounded. Not so with those whose opinions and feelings are an emanation from their own nature and faculties.      -- John Stuart Mill
For at least two thirds of our miseries spring from human stupidity, human malice and those great motivators and justifiers of malice and stupidity, idealism, dogmatism and proselytizing zeal on behalf of religious or political idols      -- Aldous Huxley
Sleep is the best meditation.     -- Dalai Lama
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.     -- Thomas Dekker
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?     -- Ernest Hemingway
Sleep, those little slices of death - how I loathe them.     -- Edgar Allan Poe
I've always envied people who sleep easily. Their brains must be cleaner, the floorboards of the skull well swept, all the little monsters closed up in a steamer trunk at the foot of the bed.     -- David Benioff
I want to go to sleep in my time machine and wake up eight hours in the future.     -- Jarod Kintz
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.     -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There is more refreshment and stimulation in a nap, even of the briefest, than in all the alcohol ever distilled.      -- Edward Lucas
The repose of sleep refreshes only the body. It rarely sets the soul at rest. The repose of the night does not belong to us. It is not the possession of our being. Sleep opens within us an inn for phantoms. In the morning we must sweep out the shadows.      -- Gaston Bachelard
Sleep is perverse as human nature, Sleep is perverse as legislature.... So people who go to bed to sleep Must count French premiers or sheep, And people who ought to arise from bed Yawn and go back to sleep instead.     -- Ogden Nash
Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death; and the higher the rate of interest and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed.      -- Arthur Schopenhauer
Sleep is the golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.      -- Thomas Dekker
The worst thing in the world is to try to sleep and not to.      -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
Sleep lingers all our lifetime about our eyes, as night hovers all day in the boughs of the fir-tree.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life.     -- Virginia Woolf
Not being able to sleep is terrible. You have the misery of having partied all night... without the satisfaction.      -- Lynn Johnston
The feeling of sleepiness when you are not in bed, and can't get there, is the meanest feeling in the world.     -- Edgar Watson Howe
Sleep is the most moronic fraternity in the world, with the heaviest dues and the crudest rituals.     -- Vladimir Nabokov
And if tonight my soul may find her peace in sleep, and sink in good oblivion, and in the morning wake like a new-opened flower then I have been dipped again in God, and new-created.     -- D.H. Lawrence
Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor.     -- John Ciardi
Sleep: a poor substitute for caffeine!     -- Wally Shawn
Laugh and the world laughs with you; snore, and you sleep alone!     -- Anthony Burgess
To achieve the impossible dream, try going to sleep.     -- Joan Klempner
To sleep is an act of faith.     -- Barbara G. Harrison
He who sleeps half a day has won half a life.     -- Karl Kraus
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation.     -- Unknown
Don't fight with the pillow, but lay down your head and kick every worriment out of the bed.     -- Edmund Vance Cooke
I love to sleep. Do you? Isn't it great? It really is the best of both worlds. You get to be alive and unconscious.     -- Rita Rudner
Saturday's night sleep is the best sleep according to me because not any tension for the work of Sunday.     -- Unknown
People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one.     -- Leo J. Burke
There is nothing so entirely desirable in all the world as a few hours' oblivion.     -- Anne Reeve Aldrich
Sleep is when all the unsorted stuff comes flying out as from a dustbin upset in a high wind.     -- William Golding
Sleep is no longer a healing bath, a recuperation of vital forces, but an oblivion, a nightly brush with annihilation.     -- J. M. Coetzee
God has made sleep to be a sponge by which to rub out fatigue. A man's roots are planted in night as in a soil.     -- Henry Ward Beecher
It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.     -- Daniel Handler
Sleep. To lie down and shut out the noise, the fear, the unceasing misery.     -- Tad Williams
No day is so bad it can't be fixed with a nap.     -- Carrie Snow
Sleep is the gateway to those nightly visitations of the irrational.     -- Gayle Greene
Sleep is the salutary bath that renovates life, the entire being growing younger under its influence; it is a station in the desert of this world; and often, after dull and wearying journeys, one comes to repose in this oasis prepared by divine Providence, enabled the next day to pursue the route with renewed courage and activity.     -- Early Rising
There, in the depths of sleep, is the communion of the living and the dead.     -- Gennady Aygi
Sleep is a hint of lovely oblivion.     -- D. H. Lawrence
Night has brought to those who sleep, only dreams they can not keep.     -- Enya
Sleep is like the unicorn - it is rumored to exist, but I doubt I will see any.     -- Unknown
Sleep hath its own world, and a wide realm of wild reality. And dreams in their development have breath, and tears, and tortures, and the touch of joy.     -- Lord Byron
A nap, my friend, is a brief period of sleep which overtakes superannuated persons when they endeavor to entertain unwelcome visitors or to listen to scientific lectures.     -- George Bernard Shaw
Sleep marks passing time, giving us distance from the things that have hurt us. When a person is wounded they will often fall unconscious. Similarly, someone who hears traumatic news will often swoon or faint. This is the mind's way of protecting itself from pain.     -- Patrick Rothfuss
Get enough sleep every night. An exhausted mind is rarely productive.     -- Unknown
Sleep is an eight-hour peep show of infantile erotica.      -- J. G. Ballard
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.     -- Mahatma Gandhi
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.     -- Steve Jobs
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort.     -- John Ruskin
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it.     -- William James
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company.     -- George Washington
A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.     -- Stephen Covey
Give them quality. That's the best kind of advertising.     -- Milton Hersey
Quality is the best business plan.     -- John Lasseter
Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.     -- Steve Jobs
Quality is not what happens when what you do matches your intentions. It is what happens when what you do matches your customers' expectations.     -- Guaspari
Total quality management is a journey, not a destination.     -- Berry
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.     -- Vince Lombardi
Quality questions create a quality life. Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.     -- Anthony Robbins
The quality of an organization can never exceed the quality of the minds that make it up.     -- Author Unknown
Quality is the result of a carefully constructed cultural environment. It has to be the fabric of the organization, not part of the fabric.     -- Philip Crosby
Quality, quality, quality: never waver from it, even when you don't see how you can afford to keep it up. When you compromise, you become a commodity and then you die.     -- Gary Hirshberg
Quality isn't something that can be argued into an article or promised into it. It must be put there. If it isn't put there, the finest sales talk in the world won't act as a substitute.     -- C. G. Campbell
Quality is a proud and soaring thing.     -- Jessica Julian
Quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten.     -- Gucci Family Slogan
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after low pricing is forgotten!     -- Leon M. Cautillo
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.     -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action.     -- Andre Godin
Quality is everyone's responsibility.     -- W. Edwards Deming
Quality begins on the inside then works its way out.     -- Bob Moawad
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.     -- Mahatma Gandhi
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.     -- Aristotle
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives.     -- William A. Foster
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.     -- Henry Ford
Even though quality cannot be defined, you know what quality is.     -- Author Unknown
Quality has to be caused, not controlled.     -- Philip Crosby
Quality in a product or service is not what the supplier puts in. It is what the customer gets out and is willing to pay for. A product is not quality because it is hard to make and costs a lot of money, as manufacturers typically believe. This is incompetence. Customers pay only for what is of use to them and gives them value. Nothing else constitutes quality.     -- Peter F. Drucker
Quality is a direct experience independent of and prior to intellectual abstractions.     -- Robert M. Pirsig
When you're out of quality you're out of business.     -- Author Unknown
Quality in a classical Greek sense is how to live with grace and intelligence, with bravery and mercy.     -- Theodore White
Quality is such an attractive banner that sometimes we think we can get away with just waving it, without doing the hard work necessary to achieve it.     -- Philip B. Crosby
Quality is free. It's not a gift, but it's free. The 'unquality' things are what cost money.     -- Philip B. Crosby
Make the workmanship surpass the materials.     -- Ovid
In the race for quality, there is no finish line     -- David T. Kearns
Quality: the standard of something as measured against other things of a similar kind; the degree of excellence of something.     -- Author Unknown
It's always easier to make quality product rather than explaining why product is without quality.     -- Author Unknown
The best is the cheapest.     -- Benjamin Franklin
Quality is what the buyer says it is.     -- Armand V. Feigenbaum
Quality is a sense of appreciation that something is better than something else.     -- John Stewart
Quality begins with the intent, which is fixed by management.     -- W. Edwards Deming
Where quality is the thing sought after, the thing of supreme quality is cheap, whatever the price one has to pay for it.     -- William James
To be successful, you have to have quantity of quality     -- Mark Frauenfelder
Quality is the degree of excellence at an acceptable price     -- Robert A. Broh
Things of quality have no fear of time.     -- Author Unknown
It is quality, rather than quantity, that matters.     -- Seneca The Younger
Quality is decided by the depth at which the work incorporates the alternatives within itself, and so master them.     -- Theodor Adorno
If you believe in unlimited quality and act in all your business dealings with total integrity, the rest will take care of itself.     -- Frank Perdue
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.     -- Frederick Douglass
The best road to progress is freedom's road.     -- John F. Kennedy
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.     -- George Bernard Shaw
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex.     -- Karl Marx
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.     -- Aldous Huxley
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.     -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive.     -- C. S. Lewis
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.     -- Frank Zappa
You don't make progress by standing on the sidelines, whimpering and complaining. You make progress by implementing ideas.     -- Shirley Chisholm
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.     -- Albert Einstein
The first condition of progress is the removal of censorship.     -- George Bernard Shaw
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.     -- Khalil Gibran
We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else.     -- John Wooden
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.     -- Albert Camus
The characteristic of scientific progress is our knowing that we did not know.     -- Gaston Bachelard
Scientific progress makes moral progress a necessity; for if man's power is increased, the checks that restrain him from abusing it must be strengthened.     -- Madame De Stael
Progress is not an illusion, it happens, but it is slow and invariably disappointing.     -- George Orwell
Economic progress, in capitalist society, means turmoil.     -- Joseph A. Schumpeter
Progress is the attraction that moves humanity.     -- Marcus Garvey
Little progress can be made by merely attempting to repress what is evil. Our great hope lies in developing what is good.     -- Calvin Coolidge
All progress is precarious, and the solution of one problem brings us face to face with another problem.     -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
True progress quietly and persistently moves along without notice.     -- St. Francis Of Assisi
Progress comes to those who train and train; reliance on secret techniques will get you nowhere.     -- Morihei Ueshiba
The fatal metaphor of progress, which means leaving things behind us, has utterly obscured the real idea of growth, which means leaving things inside us.     -- Gilbert K. Chesterton
Make measurable progress in reasonable time.     -- Jim Rohn
Progress is man's ability to complicate simplicity.     -- Thor Heyerdahl
Progress is what happens when impossibility yields to necessity.     -- Arnold H. Glasgow
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.     -- Havelock Ellis
Human progress has never been shaped by commentators, complainers or cynics.     -- Tony Blair
Progress is measured by richness and intensity of experience - by a wider and deeper apprehension of the significance and scope of human existence.     -- Herbert Read
Everybody's a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. I mean, I've never arrived... I'm still learning all the time.     -- Renee Fleming
Substantial progress toward better things can rarely be taken without developing new evils requiring new remedies.     -- William Howard Taft
Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison.     -- Walter Bagehot
Progress imposes not only new possibilities for the future but new restrictions.     -- Norbert Wiener
Progress is a set of assumptions.     -- Edward Albee
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income.     -- Samuel Butler
If progress is to be steady we must have long term guides extending far ahead.     -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.     -- Frederick Wilcox
Progress is measured by the degree of differentiation within a society.     -- Herbert Read
The concept of progress acts as a protective mechanism to shield us from the terrors of the future.     -- Frank Herbert
Progress is the stride of God.     -- Victor Hugo
When any real progress is made, we unlearn and learn anew what we thought we knew before.     -- Henry David Thoreau
The magnitude of a progress is gauged by the greatness of the sacrifice that it requires.     -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Progress doesn't come from early risers - progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.     -- Robert A. Heinlein
Human progress is furthered, not by conformity, but by aberration.     -- H. L. Mencken
The greatest enemy of progress is not stagnation, but false progress.     -- Sydney J. Harris
Sadly, in the name of progress, we have polluted the air, water, soil and the food we eat.     -- Radhanath Swami
All progress is experimental.     -- John Jay Chapman
All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.     -- Adlai E. Stevenson
All progress is initiated by challenging current conceptions, and executed by supplanting existing institutions.     -- George Bernard Shaw
The palest ink is brighter than the best memory     -- Chinese saying. Thanks to Martin C Wojtkiewicz
Anything with scales counts as a fish.      -- Malay (on appearance and reality)
Appearances are deceptive.      -- Italian Proverb
Carve the peg by looking at the hole.      -- Korean (on appropriateness)
Change is inevitable      -- Benjamin Disraeli (1804-1881)
Circumstances alter cases.      -- T. Rymer (1678)
Cutting off a mule's ears doesn't make it a horse.      -- Creole (on authenticity)
Easier said than done.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
Even monkeys fall out of trees.      -- Japanese Proverb
Even the best laid plans go awry.      -- unknown
Every man has to seek his own way to make himself more noble and to realize his own true worth.      -- Albert Schweitzer
Expect the worst, but hope for the best.      -- unknown
Froth is not beer.      -- Dutch (on appearance and reality)
Give up the ghost.      -- Miguel de Cervantes (1547-1616)
In a crisis, give help first and then advice.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
It is useless attacking the insensible.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
It never rains but it pours.      -- unknown
Life is not a dress rehearsal.      -- unknown
Looks can be deceiving.      -- unknown
No man can lose what he never had.      -- George Herbert (1593-1632)
No one goes through life unscathed.      -- unknown
Nothing is black or white.      -- unknown
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.      -- Ben Franklin (1706-1790)
Seeing is believing.      -- unknown
Sometimes, it's too little, too late.      -- unknown
Sometimes, less is more.      -- William Shakespeare (1564-1616)
The best way to predict the future is to create it.      -- unknown; thanks to rapstar.com
The price of your hat is not always the measure of your brain.      -- African American (on appearance and reality)
The rain falls on every roof.      -- African Proverb
The teeth that laugh are also those that bite.      -- Hausa tribe of West Africa (on appearance and reality)
What goes around, comes around.      -- unknown
What goes up must come down.      -- unknown
What is true by lamplight is not always true in sunlight.      -- French (on appearance and reality)
What you see is what you get.      -- unknown
What's done is done.      -- Early 14th Century French Proverb
When the music changes, so does the dance.      -- Hausa tribe of West Africa (on appropriateness)
Wherever you go, you can't get rid of yourself.      -- Polish (on basic truths)
Worrying never changed anything.      -- unknown
You can't beat a dead horse.      -- Richard Trench (1807-1886)
You can't build a relationship with a hammer.      -- unknown
There's nothing more narcissistic than being sure that you are built in the image of an all-powerful Creator-God, and that same God answers your prayers, knows your name, and has a personal relationship with you.     -- David G. McAfee
The greater our own level of narcissism, the more we detest it in others.     -- Steve Maraboli
Narcissus does not fall in love with his reflection because it is beautiful, but because it is his. If it were his beauty that ent hralled him, he would be set free in a few years by its fading.     -- W.H. Auden
Withhold admiration from a narcissist and be disliked. Give it and be treated with indifference.     -- Mason Cooley
The paradox about narcissism is that we all have this streak of egotism. Eighty percent of people think they're better than average.     -- Mark Leary
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism.     -- Sigmund Freud
Narcissism and self-deception are survival mechanisms without which many of us might just jump off a bridge.     -- Todd Solondz
I thought narcissism was about self-love till someone told me there is a flip side to it... It is unrequited self-love.     -- Emily Levine
Narcissus weeps to find that his Image does not return his love.     -- Mason Cooley
It is especially painful when narcissists suffer memory loss because they are losing parts of the person they love most.     -- David Brooks
For the most part people are not curious except about themselves.     -- John Steinbeck
The narcissist devours people, consumes their output, and casts the empty, writhing shells aside.     -- Sam Vaknin
No one has probably helped me more with my narcissism than my dog.     -- Tucker Max
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.     -- Gore Vidal
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.     -- Benjamin Franklin
Nobody can be kinder than the narcissist while you react to life in his own terms.     -- Elizabeth Bowen
It is possible to have a strong self-love without any self-satisfaction, rather with a self-discontent which is the more intense because one's own little core of egoistic sensibility is a supreme care.     -- George Eliot
I don't care what you think unless it is about me.     -- Kurt Cobain
There is a difference between supporting someone and feeding someone's narcissism. One is support and the other is not.     -- Fathom
Loving yourself and being in love with yourself are two entirely different things. Differentiate.     -- Fathom
When narcissism is viewed as good; good is viewed as narcissism.     -- Fathom
Self-awareness is not self-centeredness, and spirituality is not narcissism. 'Know thyself' is not a narcissistic pursuit.     -- Marianne Williamson
Hate is the complement of fear and narcissists like being feared. It imbues them with an intoxicating sensation of omnipotence.     -- Sam Vaknin
The difference between narcissism and self-love is a matter of depth. Narcissus falls in love not with the self, but with an image or reflection of the self with the persona, the mask. The narcissist sees himself through the eyes of another, changes his lifestyle to conform with what is admired by others, tailors his behavior and expression of feelings to what will please others. Narcissism is voluntary blindness, an agreement not to look beneath the surface.     -- Sam Keen
Some narcissistic people end up believing their own lies.     -- Unknown
Narcissistic people are always struggling with the fact that the rest of the world doesn't revolve around them     -- Unknown
Self-love for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens . . . to stumble upon it.     -- George Gordon Noel Byron
It is not love that should be depicted as blind, but self-love.     -- Voltaire
To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance.     -- Oscar Wilde
Half the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important. They don't mean to do harm, but the harm [that they cause] does not interest them. Or they do not see it, or they justify it because they are absorbed in the endless struggle to think well of themselves.     -- T. S. Eliot
Narcissists are great con-artists. After all, they succeed in deluding themselves! As a result, very few professionals see through them.     -- Unknown
Self-love is often rather arrogant than blind; it does not hide our faults from ourselves, but persuades us that they escape the notice of others.     -- Samuel Johnson
Self-love depressed becomes self-loathing.     -- Sally Kempton
Self-love seems so often unrequited.     -- Anthony Powell
If ordinary people complain that I speak too much of myself, I complain that they do not even think of themselves.     -- Michel de Montaigne
Since narcissism is fueled by a greater need to be admired than to be liked, psychologists might use that fact as a therapeutic lever - stressing to patients that being known as a narcissist will actually cause them to lose the respect and social status they crave.     -- Jeffrey Kluger
All of nationalism can be understood as a kind of collective narcissism.     -- Geoff Mulgan
The silent killer of all great men and women of achievement - particularly men, I don't know why, maybe it's the testosterone - I think it's narcissism. Even more than hubris. And for women, too. Narcissism is the killer.     -- James Woods
You give up your narcissism, your egotism. That's how you achieve chemistry.     -- Nick Nolte
I think a lot of self-importance is a product of fear. And fear, living in sort of an un-self-examined fear-based life, tends to lead to narcissism and self-importance.     -- Moby
Narcissism is the part of my personality that I am the least proud of, and I certainly don't like to see it highlighted in everybody else I meet.     -- Ben Affleck
If I had it to do all over again . . . I wouldn't change a thing.'. . . the final expression of narcissism, the last gesture of self-congratulation.     -- Steve Erickson
The problem in narcissism is not the high ideals and ambitions, it's the difficulty one encounters when trying to give them body.     -- Thomas Moore
I wonder if the course of narcissism through the ages would have been any different had Narcissus first peered into a cesspool. He probably did.     -- Frank O'Hara
If you're a nobody, just imagine a lot of celebrities are in love with you. Narcissism is the best cure for attention deficit disorder.     -- Bauvard
Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people.     -- Andre Dubus
Vanity and narcissism the compulsive need to be admired and praised undermine one's courage, for one then fights on someone else's conviction rather than one's own.     -- Rollo May
If people are really narcissistic or have a need to be seen as more than they really are, or to be admired as having it all together, then they cannot be followed and trusted by others.     -- Henry Cloud
It is not selfish or narcissistic to love yourself. It is your first and foremost responsibility.     -- Alan Cohen
A victim of circumstance is a casualty. A victim of convenience is a narcissist.     -- Alan Robert Neal
Maturity is that time when the mirrors in our mind turn to windows and instead of seeing the reflection of ourselves we see others.     -- Unknown
Maturity is achieved when a person accepts life as full of tension.     -- Joshua Loth Liebman
Maturity is a high price to pay for growing up.     -- Tom Stoppard
Maturity is achieved when a person postpones immediate pleasures for long-term values.     -- Joshua Loth Liebman
Maturity is the ability to think, speak and act your feelings within the bounds of dignity. The measure of your maturity is how spiritual you become during the midst of your frustrations.     -- Samuel Ullman
Maturity is knowing when to be immature.     -- Randall Hall
Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well.     -- Jim Rohn
Maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself.     -- John Macnaughton
Maturity is the capacity to endure uncertainty.     -- John Huston Finley
Maturity: Be able to stick with a job until it is finished. Be able to bear an injustice without having to get even. Be able to carry money without spending it. Do your duty without being supervised.     -- Ann Landers
Maturity includes the recognition that no one is going to see anything in us that we don't see in ourselves. Stop waiting for a producer. Produce yourself.     -- Marianne Williamson
To make mistakes is human; to stumble is commonplace; to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity.     -- William Arthur Ward
I believe the sign of maturity is accepting deferred gratification.     -- Peggy Cahn
Maturity consists in no longer being taken in by oneself.     -- Kajetan Von Schlaggenberg
Maturity starts with the willingness to give oneself.     -- Elisabeth Elliot
I guess real maturity, which most of us never achieve, is when you realize that you're not the center of the universe.     -- Katherine Paterson
Age is just a number. Maturity is a choice.     -- Harry Styles
Maturity is not when we start speaking big things. It is when we start understanding small things..     -- Unknown
A person's maturity consists in having found again the seriousness one had as a child, at play.      -- Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
Age is no guarantee of maturity.      -- Lawana Blackwell
Maturity comes not with age but with the acceptance of responsibility. You are only young once but immaturity can last a lifetime!     -- Edwin Louis Cole
Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.     -- Thomas A. Edison
Maturity, one discovers, has everything to do with the acceptance of not knowing.     -- Mark Z. Danielewski
Maturity is when your world opens up and you realize that you are not the center of it.      -- M.J. Croan
Youth ends when egotism does; maturity begins when one lives for others.     -- Hermann Hesse
Maturity is the moment one regains one's innocence.     -- Marty Rubin
Maturity is so often considered to be synonymous with 'adult. But I truly feel that maturity may be defined by the ability to be both an adult and a child.     -- Gina Marinello
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.     -- Jules Feiffer
Youth condemns; maturity condones.     -- Amy Lowell
Age' is the acceptance of a term of years. But maturity is the glory of years.     -- Martha Graham
If growing up is the process of creating ideas and dreams about what life should be, then maturity is letting go again.     -- Mary Beth Danielson
Maturity is the time of life when, if you had the time, you'd have the time of your life.      -- Anonymous
A mark of maturity seems to be the range and extent of one's feeling of self-involvement in abstract ideals.     -- Gordon Wallport
Maturity implies otherness... The art of living is the art of living with.     -- Julius Gordon
I would say that the surest measure of a man's or a woman's maturity is the harmony, style, joy, and dignity he creates in his marriage, and the pleasure and inspiration he provides for his spouse.     -- Benjamin Spock
Maturity is developed by respecting others and accepting responsibility for violating that respect.     -- Wes Fessler
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.      -- Kurt Vonnegut
I think part of maturity is knowing who you are.     -- Rob Lowe
Maturity is to face, and not evade, every fresh crisis that comes.      -- Fritz Kunkel
Maturity is when we can treat ourselves in our own way rather than within the automatic ways of our parents in childhood.     -- Hugh Missildine
Maturity is having the ability to escape categorization.     -- K. Rexroth
Maturity begins the day you take responsibility for your own feelings.     -- Kevin Everett Fitzmaurice
Maturity comes when keeping a secret gives you more satisfaction than passing it along.     -- John M. Henry
Maturity is the art of living in peace with that which we cannot change.     -- Anonymous
One sign of maturity is knowing when to ask for help.     -- Dennis Wholey
That's maturity-when you realize that you've finally arrived at a state of ignorance as profound as your parents.     -- Elizabeth Peters
Maturity begins when you feel you are right about something without feeling the need to prove someone else wrong.     -- Sydney J. Harris
It takes a long time to bring excellence to maturity.     -- Publilius Syrus
Maturity is the ability to discern the ignorant without discussing them.     -- Vikrant Parsai
The awareness of the ambiguity of one's highest achievements (as well as one's deepest failures) is a definite symptom of maturity.     -- Paul Johannes Tillich
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this.     -- Henry David Thoreau
The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it.     -- Thich Nhat Hahn
Living in the present moment creates the experience of eternity.     -- Deepak Chopra
Act in the moment, live in the present, slowly slowly don't allow the past to interfere, and you will be surprised that life is such an eternal wonder, such a mysterious phenomenon and such a great gift that one simply feels constantly in gratitude.     -- Osho
All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.     -- Byron Katie
Live the actual moment. Only this moment is life.     -- Thich Nhat Hahn
This is real freedom - the ability to enjoy the choices we make in every successive moment of the present.     -- Deepak Chopra
Life is a preparation for the future; and the best preparation for the future is to live as if there were none.     -- Albert Einstein
You are only here now; you're only alive in this moment.     -- Jon Kabat-Zinn
Today is life - the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today.     -- Dale Carnegie
Rejoice in the things that are present; all else is beyond thee.     -- Michel De Montaigne
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.     -- Buddha
Living in the moment brings you a sense of reverence for all of life's blessings.     -- Oprah Winfrey
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.     -- Mother Teresa
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.     -- Gilda Radner
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed.     -- Wayne Dyer
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.     -- Charles Dederich
Yesterday is a canceled check; tomorrow is a promissory note; today is the only cash you have - so spend it wisely.     -- Kay Lyons
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.     -- Oprah Winfrey
Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it.     -- Eckhart Tolle
Living in the moment means letting go of the past and not waiting for the future. It means living your life consciously, aware that each moment you breathe is a gift.     -- Oprah Winfrey
Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don't rent them out to tomorrow.     -- Jerry Spinelli
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.     -- Ann Richards
The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it.     -- Thomas S. Monson
Nothing is more precious than being in the present moment. Fully alive, fully aware.     -- Thich Nhat Hanh
Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?     -- Goldie Hawn
The key to enjoying the moment is to always carry a list of "Things I Gotta Do That Can Wait."     -- Robert Brault
Seize from every moment its unique novelty, and do not prepare your joys.     -- Andr_ Gide
We know nothing of tomorrow; our business is to be good and happy today.     -- Sydney Smith
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.     -- Abraham Maslow
Be present in all things and thankful for all things.     -- Maya Angelou
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life.     -- Eckhart Tolle
I promise myself that I will enjoy every minute of the day that is given me to live.     -- Thich Nhat Hanh
Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.     -- Michelle Cruz Rosado
Nothing is worth more than this day.     -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Today is the blocks with which we build.     -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
It is only possible to live happily-ever-after on a day-to-day basis.     -- Margaret Bonnano
Life is a great and wondrous mystery, and the only thing we know that we have for sure is what is right here right now. Don't miss it.     -- Leo Buscaglia
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?     -- David Bader
Live in the moment and be present in all that you do. Don't worry yourself with what happened yesterday or what's going to happen tomorrow. Stay focused with what's in front of you.     -- Michael Trevino
Happiness, not in another place but this place, not for another hour, but this hour.     -- Walt Whitman
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.     -- James A. Baldwin
Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life.     -- Buddha
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.     -- Oprah Winfrey
Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you. The future will take care of itself.     -- Yogananda
Don't let the past steal your present.     -- Cherralea Morgen
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly.     -- Buddha
This is your moment. Own it.     -- Oprah Winfrey
Count your blessings.      -- unknown
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden egg.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
Enough is as good as a feast.      -- Sir Thomas Malory (d.1471))
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
He that is hard to please, may get nothing in the end.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
If you think your bundle of clothes too heavy, try picking up your neighbor's.      -- Virgin Islander (on comparable worth)
It pays to be content with your lot.      -- Aesop (c.620-560 BC)
It pays to be nice.      -- unknown
It's the little things that count.      -- unknown
Make do with what you have.      -- unknown
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.      -- John Heywood (c.1497-1580)
Never take anything for granted.      -- Benjamin Disraeli (1804-1881)
Play the hand you're dealt.      -- Jawahareal Nehru (1889-1964)
Since we cannot get what we like, let us like what we can get.      -- Spanish Proverb
Thanks cost nothing.      -- Creole (on gratitude)
The one being carried does not realize how far away the town is.      -- Nigerian (on gratitude)
When eating fruit, remember the one who planted the tree.      -- Vietnamese (on gratitude)
When you drink water, remember the mountain spring.      -- Chinese (on gratitude)
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.     -- John F. Kennedy
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.     -- Brian Tracy
Thank you' is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding.     -- Alice Walker
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend.     -- Melody Beattie
Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings.     -- William Arthur Ward
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.     -- Melody Beattie
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.      -- Marcel Proust
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.      -- William Arthur Ward
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought; and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.      -- G.K. Chesterton
Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves, and spend without fear of bankruptcy.      -- Fred De Witt Van Amburgh
Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.      -- Henri Frederic Amiel
There is no such thing as gratitude unexpressed. If it is unexpressed, it is plain, old-fashioned ingratitude.     -- Robert Brault
Gratitude is an art of painting an adversity into a lovely picture.     -- Kak Sri
Two kinds of gratitude: The sudden kind we feel for what we take; the larger kind we feel for what we give.      -- Edwin Arlington Robinson
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all.      -- William Faulkner
Feeling grateful or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life.     -- Northrup Christiane
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.     -- Friedrich Nietzsche
To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.     -- Johannes Gaertner
Gratitude is the state of mind of thankfulness. As it is cultivated, we experience an increase in our sympathetic joy, our happiness at another's happiness. Just as in the cultivation of compassion, we may feel the pain of others, so we may begin to feel their joy as well. And it doesn't stop there.      -- Stephen Levine
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.      -- Cynthia Ozick
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.      -- Oprah Winfrey
Gratitude is one of the sweet shortcuts to finding peace of mind and happiness inside. No matter what is going on outside of us, there's always something we could be grateful for.      -- Barry Neil Kaufman
No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.      -- Alfred North Whitehead
Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours.      -- Marcus Aurelius
Gratitude goes beyond the 'mine' and 'thine' and claims the truth that all of life is a pure gift. In the past I always thought of gratitude as a spontaneous response to the awareness of gifts received, but now I realize that gratitude can also be lived as a discipline. The discipline of gratitude is the explicit effort to acknowledge that all I am and have is given to me as a gift of love, a gift to be celebrated with joy.      -- Henri J.M. Nouwen
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.     -- Cicero
Gratitude is the moral memory of mankind.      -- Georg Simmel
To live a life of gratitude is to open our eyes to the countless ways in which we are supported by the world around us. Such a life provides less space for our suffering because our attention is more balanced. We are more often occupied with noticing what we are given, thanking those who have helped us, and repaying the world in some concrete way for what we are receiving.      -- Gregg Krech
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.      -- Albert Schweitzer
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.      -- Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Gratitude is the best attitude. There is not a more pleasing exercise of the mind than gratitude. It is accompanied with such an inward satisfaction that the duty is sufficiently rewarded by the performance.     -- Joseph Addison
To the generous mind the heaviest debt is that of gratitude, when it is not in our power to repay it.     -- Benjamin Franklin
As each day comes to us refreshed and anew, so does my gratitude renew itself daily. The breaking of the sun over the horizon is my grateful heart dawning upon a blessed world.      -- Terri Guillemets
You simply will not be the same person two months from now after consciously giving thanks each day for the abundance that exists in your life. And you will have set in motion an ancient spiritual law: the more you have and are grateful for, the more will be given you.      -- Sarah Ban Breathnach
When we become more fully aware that our success is due in large measure to the loyalty, helpfulness, and encouragement we have received from others, our desire grows to pass on similar gifts. Gratitude spurs us on to prove ourselves worthy of what others have done for us. The spirit of gratitude is a powerful energizer.      -- Wilferd A. Peterson
But the value of gratitude does not consist solely in getting you more blessings in the future. Without gratitude you cannot long keep from dissatisfied thought regarding things as they are.      -- Wallace Wattles
Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic.      -- John Henry Jowett
Gratitude is one of the least articulate of the emotions, especially when it is deep.      -- Felix Frankfurter
Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.      -- Buddha
A man's indebtedness is not virtue; his repayment is. Virtue begins when he dedicates himself actively, to the job of gratitude.      -- Ruth Benedict
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will.     -- George Bernard Shaw
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.     -- Mark Twain
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.     -- Carl Sagan
Everything you can imagine is real.     -- Pablo Picasso
I imagine that yes is the only living thing.     -- E. E. Cummings
To treat your facts with imagination is one thing, to imagine your facts is another.     -- John Burroughs
Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young.     -- W. Somerset Maugham
I imagine, therefore I belong and am free.     -- Lawrence Durrell
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.     -- Albert Einstein
Imagination does not become great until human beings, given the courage and the strength, use it to create.     -- Maria Montessori
Imagination is the golden-eyed monster that never sleeps. It must be fed; it cannot be ignored.     -- Patricia A. Mckillip
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.     -- Albert Einstein
Reason is intelligence taking exercise. Imagination is intelligence with an erection.     -- Victor Hugo
Because when you are imagining, you might as well imagine something worth while.     -- L.M. Montgomery
Imagination means nothing without doing.     -- Charles Chaplin
The imagination is a palette of bright colors. You can use it to touch up memories ? or you can use it to paint dreams.     -- Robert Brault
Nothing encourages creativity like the chance to fall flat on one's face.     -- James D. Finley
The creative person is both more primitive and more cultivated, more destructive, a lot madder and a lot saner, than the average person.     -- Frank Barron
Sometimes imagination pounces; mostly it sleeps soundly in the corner, purring.     -- Terri Guillemets
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.     -- Joseph Joubert
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.     -- Lauren Bacall
Perhaps imagination is only intelligence having fun.     -- George Scialabba
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.     -- Duane Michals
Those who do not think outside the box are easily contained.     -- Nicolas Manetta
Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training.     -- Anna Freud
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted.     -- George Kneller
Imagination governs the world.     -- Napolon Bonaparte
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is.     -- Sir Francis Bacon
The imagination is man's power over nature.     -- Wallace Stevens
My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool; it gives me all the world and exiles me from it.     -- Ursula K. Le Guin
The imagination, give it the least license, dives deeper and soars higher than Nature goes.     -- Henery David Thoreau
Imagination is an inner resource. That's why it takes stopping, slowing, silencing, reassuring, embracing to allow it to speak.     -- Suzanne Beth Stinnett
Imagination is actually a form of computation. Imagination gives calculated and instinctive solutions for the future.     -- L. Ron Hubbard
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.     -- Edward De Bono
Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything godlike about God, it is that. He dared to imagine everything     -- Henry Miller
Fantasy was always only a reality waiting to be switched on.     -- Joe Hill
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.     -- Albert Einstein
The power of imagination makes us infinite.     -- John Muir
All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy. What right have we then to depreciate imagination.     -- Carl Gustav Jung
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which is everything in this world.     -- Blaise Pascal
The quality of the imagination is to flow and not to freeze.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Imagination is not a talent of some people but is the health of everyone.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Imagination is a poor matter when it has to part company with understanding.     -- Thomas Carlyle
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.     -- Joseph Conrad
Imagination is always the fabric of social life and the dynamic of history. The influence of real needs and compulsions, of real interests and materials, is indirect because the crowd is never conscious of it.     -- Simone Weil
The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power.     -- John Ruskin
A strong imagination begetteth opportunity.     -- Michel De Montaigne
The imagination is the secret and marrow of civilization.      -- Henry Ward Beecher
Imagination allows you to see things in a non-traditional, non-restrictive manner. Your imagination is your picture of what tomorrow may bring.     -- Catherine Pulsifer
Imagination is the only key to the future. Without it none exists - with it all things are possible.     -- Ida Tarbell
Gold cannot be pure, and people cannot be perfect.     -- Chinese Proverb
Have no fear of perfection ' you'll never reach it.      -- Salvador Dal
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.      -- Robert H. Schuller
Imperfection clings to a person, and if they wait till they are brushed off entirely, they would spin for ever on their axis, advancing nowhere.     -- Thomas Carlyle
Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.      -- Daphne Delacroix
Imperfection is beauty. Madness is genius. It is better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.     -- Marilyn Monroe
As machines become more and more efficient and perfect, so it will become clear that imperfection is the greatness of man.     -- Ernst Fischer
I cling to my imperfection, as the very essence of my being.     -- Anatole France
You look at the scratch and completely miss the diamond.     -- Raphie Frank
To be perfect is to develop expanding imperfection.     -- Ethylios
It is better to aim at perfection and miss, than to aim at imperfection and hit it.     -- Thomas Watson
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.     -- Francis Bacon Sr.
A diamond with a flaw is worth more than a pebble without imperfections.     -- Chinese Proverb
Sometimes we strive so hard for perfection that we forget that imperfection is happiness.     -- Karen Nave
Even imperfection itself may have its ideal or perfect state.     -- Thomas De Quincey
It is better to aim at perfection and miss, than to aim at imperfection and hit it     -- Thomas Watson
Where imperfection ceaseth, heaven begins.     -- Bailey
Men are more unwilling to have their imperfections known than their crimes.     -- Chesterfield
What an absurd thing it is to pass over all the valuable parts of a man, and fix our attention on his infirmities!     -- Addison
It is only imperfection that complains of what is imperfect. The more perfect we are, the more gentle and quiet we become towards the defects of others.     -- Fnelon
All things are literally better, lovelier, and more beloved for the imperfections which have been divinely appointed, that the law of human life may be Effort, and the law of human judgment Mercy.     -- Ruskin
The only nice thing about being imperfect is the joy it brings to others.     -- Doug Larson
I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.     -- Alexander Hamilton
Imperfect preparation gives rise to the thousand-fold forms that express physical and mental inferiority and insecurity.     -- Alfred Adler
Perfectionism is a dangerous state of mind in an imperfect world     -- Robert Hillyer
Once we realize that imperfect understanding is the human condition there is no shame in being wrong, only in failing to correct our mistakes.     -- George Soros
If I can't be beautiful, I want to be invisible.     -- Chuck Palahniuk
A true critic ought to dwell upon excellencies rather than imperfections, to discover the concealed beauties of a writer, and communicate to the world such things as are worth their observation.     -- Joseph Addison
This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections.     -- Isaac Asimov
My imperfections and failures are as much a blessing from God as my successes and my talents and I lay them both at his feet.     -- Mahatma Gandhi
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection     -- Conrad Hall
Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you do, and fix it along the way...     -- Paul Arden
In order to go on living one must try to escape the death involved in perfectionism.     -- Hannah Arendt
Perfection is boring. If a face doesn't have mistakes, it's nothing.     -- Kevyn Aucoin
We like the imperfect because it reminds us of ourselves.     -- Randy Bachman
To do better is better than to be perfect.     -- Toba Beta
Imperfection is in some sort essential to all that we know of life. It is the sign of life in a mortal body, that is to say, of a state of progress and change. Nothing that lives is, or can be rigidly perfect; part of it is decaying, part nascent.      -- John Ruskin
The finer the nature, the more flaws it will show through the clearness of it; and it is a law of this universe that the best things shall be seldomest seen in their best form.     -- John Ruskin
No reckoning made, but sent to my account with all my imperfections on my head.     -- William Shakespeare
They say that nobody is perfect. Then they tell you practice makes perfect. I wish they'd make up their minds.     -- Winston Churchill
A beautiful thing is never perfect.     -- Proverb
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.     -- George Orwell
Perfection doesn't guarantee success. You don't have to be perfect to succeed.     -- Unknown
Imperfection is inherited, therefore we all sin, but fighting the war of sin is the greatest war of all because we all die in the end, no matter how hard we fight.     -- Tupac Shakur
Imperfection is individuality.     -- Unknown
Be real. Embrace that you have weakness. Because everyone does. Embrace that your body is not perfect. Because nobody's is. Embrace that you have things you can't control. We all have a list of them.      -- Dan Pearce
To banish imperfection is to destroy expression, to check exertion, to paralyze vitality.     -- John Ruskin
Imperfections are not inadequacies; they are reminders that we're all in this together.     -- Bren Brown
To be judged for your imperfections is to be judged for being human, mistakes are made, life goes on, don't let other people change who you are.     -- Lee Jameson
Practice doesn't make perfect. Practice reduces the imperfection.     -- Toba Beta
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.     -- Stephen Hawking
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.     -- Salvador Dali
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.     -- Blaise Pascal
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people.     -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The difference between intelligence and education is this: intelligence will make you a good living.     -- Charles F. Kettering
The intelligence is proved not by ease of learning, but by understanding what we learn.     -- Joseph Whitney
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good.     -- Bertolt Brecht
Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so.     -- H. Jackson Brown
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.     -- Rene Descartes
The greatest intelligence is precisely the one that suffers most from its own limitations.     -- Andre Gide
Your intelligence is measured by those around you; if you spend your days with idiots you seal your own fate.     -- Mary M. Illigassch
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing.     -- Josh Billings
The sign of an intelligent people is their ability to control emotions by the application of reason.     -- Marya Mannes
Intelligence is really a kind of taste: taste in ideas.     -- Susan Sontag
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.     -- Linus Torvalds
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.     -- Albert Einstein
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.     -- Laurence J. Peter
Intelligence forbids tears.     -- Dorris Lessing
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.     -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
Intelligence is the art of good guesswork.     -- H. B. Barlow
Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers.     -- Emile M. Cioran
The burden of intelligence: you can always imagine all those wonderful places where you can never belong.     -- Robert Reed
I've always felt that a person's intelligence is directly reflected by the number of conflicting points of view he can entertain simultaneously on the same topic.     -- Abigail Adams
One of the functions of intelligence is to take account of the dangers that come from trusting solely to the intelligence.     -- Lewis Mumford
An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it.     -- Laurence J. Peter
Intelligence is quickness to apprehend as distinct from ability, which is capacity to act wisely on the thing apprehended.     -- Alfred N. Whitehead
Intelligence must follow faith, never precede it, and never destroy it.     -- Thomas A Kempis
Intelligence is the faculty of making artificial objects, especially tools to make tools.     -- Henri Bergson
Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are.     -- George Santayana
Intelligence is a moral category.     -- Theodor Adorno
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep.     -- Saul Bellow
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.     -- Arthur C. Clarke
There is no such thing as Intelligence; one has intelligence of this or that. One must have intelligence only for what one is doing.     -- Edgar Degas
Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use.     -- Andrea Dworkin
Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer.     -- Bryant H. Mcgill
Intelligence, in diapers, is invisible. And when it matures, out the window it flies. We have to pounce on it earlier.     -- Stanislaw J. Lec
The sad thing about artificial intelligence is that it lacks artifice and therefore intelligence.     -- Jean Baudrillard
The intellect is always fooled by the heart.     -- Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Whatever debases the intelligence degrades the entire human being.     -- Simone Weil
The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all.     -- Oscar Wilde
Intellect annuls fate. So far as a man thinks, he is free.     -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A sign of intelligence is an awareness of one's own ignorance.     -- Niccolo Machiavelli
A small mind is obstinate. A great mind can lead and be led.     -- Alexander Cannon
Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training.     -- Anna Freud
Only great minds can afford a simple style.     -- Stendhal
Intelligence is enormously sexy.     -- Frank Langella
Intelligence is nothing without delight.     -- Paul Claudel
Wit is educated insolence.     -- Aristotle
Wit is a dangerous weapon, even to the possessor, if he knows not how to use it discreetly.     -- Michel De Montaigne
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.     -- Anne Louise Germaine De Stal
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.     -- George Bernard Shaw
Ignorance is always afraid of change.     -- Jawaharlal Nehru
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.     -- Enrico Fermi
To remove ignorance is an important branch of benevolence.     -- Ann Plato
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.     -- Plato
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.     -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
All things truly wicked start from innocence.     -- Ernest Hemingway
If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.     -- Victor Cousin
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.     -- Charles Darwin
The only victories which leave no regret are those which are gained over ignorance.     -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.     -- Publilius Syrus
I am not ashamed to confess I am ignorant of what I do not know.     -- Cicero
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.     -- Dalai Lama
Ignorance never settles a question.     -- Benjamin Disraeli
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.     -- Wayne Dyer
Being ignorant is not so much a shame as being unwilling to learn.     -- Benjamin Franklin
Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.     -- Horace Mann
Ignorance is preferable to error; and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing, than he who believes what is wrong.     -- Thomas Jefferson
Most ignorance is evincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.     -- Aldous Huxley
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.     -- Will Rogers
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action.     -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Ignorance is like a delicate fruit; touch it, and the bloom is gone.     -- Oscar Wilde
Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today and it will set the pace tomorrow.     -- Frank Dane
Ignorance is not innocence, but sin.     -- Robert Browning
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon or star.     -- Confucius
Ignorance speaks loudly, so as to be heard; but its volume proves reason to doubt every word.     -- Wes Fessler
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.     -- Elbert Hubbard
Ignorance deprives people of freedom because they do not know what alternatives there are. It is impossible to choose to do what one has never heard of.     -- Ralph B. Perry
Ignorance is the dominion of absurdity.     -- James Anthony Froude
The truest characters of ignorance Are vanity, and pride, and annoyance.     -- Samuel Butler
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.     -- Victor Borge
Laughter is the best medicine - unless you're diabetic, then insulin comes pretty high on the list.     -- Jasper Carrott
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.     -- Victor Hugo
Laughter connects you with people. It's almost impossible to maintain any kind of distance or any sense of social hierarchy when you're just howling with laughter. Laughter is a force for democracy.     -- John Cleese
A day without laughter is a day wasted.     -- Charlie Chaplin
Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.     -- Josh Billings
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.     -- Oscar Wilde
Laughter is good for you. Nine out of ten stand-up comedians recommend laughter in the face of intense stupidity.     -- Jim Butcher
I know why we laugh. We laugh because it hurts, and it's the only thing to make it stop hurting.     -- Robert A. Heinlein
Hearty laughter is a good way to jog internally without having to go outdoors.     -- Norman Cousins
A day without laughter is like living in darkness; you try to find your way around, but you can't see clearly.     -- Emily Mitchell
Laughter is an instant vacation.     -- Milton Berle
Laughter feels like our flotation device -- it won't pull us out of the storm, but it might carry us through, if we can just hang on.     -- Emery Lord
Laughter has no foreign accent.     -- Paul Lowney
Everybody laughs the same in every language because laughter is a universal connection.     -- Yakov Smirnoff
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.     -- Jean Huston
You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.     -- Michael Pritchard
A good laugh heals a lot of hurts.     -- Madeleine L'Engle
I'm not up for laughing, but their laughter makes the room feel safer, so we begin to explore.     -- John Green
Laughter does not deny pain. Laughter - like a wail - acknowledges and replies to pain.     -- Tim O'Brien
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.     -- Arnold H. Glasow
Laughter is a sense of proportion and a power of seeing yourself from the outside.     -- Zero Mostel
Laughter brings out the child in all of us.     -- Bill Cosby
Laughter is much more important than applause. Applause is almost a duty. Laughter is a reward.     -- Carol Channing
The house of laughter makes a house of woe.     -- Edward Young
Laughter lets me relax. It's the equivalent of taking a deep breath, letting it out and saying, This, too, will pass     -- Odette Pollar
Laughter serves as a blocking agent. Like a bulletproof vest, it may help protect you against the ravages of negative emotions that can assault you in disease.     -- Norman Cousins
There is little success where there is little laughter.     -- Andrew Carnegie
Laughter is the foundation of reconciliation.     -- St. Francis de Sales
Laughter is by definition healthy.     -- Doris Lessing
You can't deny laughter; when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants.     -- Stephen King
Laugh whenever you can. Keeps you from killing yourself when things are bad. That and vodka.     -- Jim Butcher
Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now.     -- Veronica Roth
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.     -- Charlie Chaplin
Laughter is carbonated holiness.     -- Anne Lamott
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.     -- Henry Ward Beecher
Laughter is a powerful weapon for it carries the light. To laugh is to defy the darkness.     -- Isobelle Carmody
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.     -- Charles Dickens
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.     -- Mort Walker
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.     -- EE cummings
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.     -- Jean Houston
So many tangles in life are ultimately hopeless that we have no appropriate sword other than laughter.     -- Gordon W. Allport
Laughter need not be cut out of anything, since it improves everything.     -- James Thurber
A wonderful thing about true laughter is that it just destroys any kind of system of dividing people.      -- John Cleese
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.     -- Arnold Glasow
Laughter is magic that dispenses clouds and creates sunshine in the soul.     -- Richelle E. Goodrich
Laughter is sweet when enjoyed alone. But it becomes sweeter when you enjoy it together with the people around you. Your success must lead to the success others.     -- Israelmore Ayivor
Laughter would be bereaved if snobbery died.     -- Peter Ustinov
Laughter, and the broader category of humor, are key elements in helping us go on with our life after a loss.      -- Allen Klein
Laughter is poison to fear.     -- George R.R. Martin
